# HSTcycle28BootstrapTest
"Bootstrap tests that show that if a linear, quadratic, or sigmoidal correlation exists between cloud coverage and [Fe/H], 
we will be able to detect a linear trend with at least 3σ confidence with six points distributed between [Fe/H] = +0.16 and -0.20 dex, measured to a precision of 0.05 dex."

Details:
We created synthetic data assuming a linear, quadratic, and simoidal correlation of cloud formation with metallicity. 
Then we used those functional dependencies on metallicity to bootstrap (10000 iterations) against 6 metallicities generated from a gaussain with mean given by the metallicities in the literature and standard deviation given by the expected precision found in our new abundance measurements. 
Next, we fit a line to each of the iterations and recorded there probability values (p-values, lower value higher significance of fit). 
Though not all synthetic data were generated by linear models, we fit lines to each of them because we want to show how significant correlations can be found with only 6 data points. Further observations of similar "twin" exoplanets must be observed to determine the true correlation, should it be suggested by this work. 
Doing this we found the average p value of all 10000 iteration was 0.657, 1.082, 0.875% for the linear, quadratic, and simoidal correlation respectively. 
The figure shows the given metallicity, corresponding best linear fit, and true correlation for one iteration.
To show the importance of 6 planets with precise metallicity measurements, we repeated this process but with 3 metallicities finding average p values of 13.881, 15.587, 15.226%. 
And 6 metallicities but gaussian standard deviation determined by the errors given in the literature, finding average p values of 8.117, 9.141, 8.155%.

Figure caption:
The synthetic correlation (black line) was determined by fitting a linear, quadratic, and simoidal function to the 6 metallicity values from the literature, where -.3 [Fe/H] was set to 100 Pa (high cloud deck) and .2 [Fe/H] was set to 1e5 Pa (deep cloud deck). 
For each bootstrap the "observed" datapoints (blue diamonds) were created by keeping the same cloud pressure value determined by the synthetic correlation, but shifting the metallicity by random noise with standard deviation of 0.05 dex (expected precision). 
Then a linear fit was done to this data (red dotted line).
